# Omni-Food

## Description

Omnifood is a web-based platform that offers a smart food subscription service, providing users with personalized meal plans and convenient meal delivery. The platform aims to simplify healthy eating and eliminate the need for cooking.

## Table of Contents

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Features](#features)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Introduction

Omnifood is a food subscription service that leverages AI technology to generate customized weekly meal plans based on users' preferences and dietary needs. The platform collaborates with professional chefs who prepare the meals, ensuring high-quality and nutritious food. The meals are then conveniently delivered to the users' location of choice.

## Features

- Personalized weekly meal plans generated by an AI algorithm
- Customization options to modify ingredients and include user-specific recipes
- Delivery of freshly prepared meals by professional chefs
- Support for various diets, including vegetarian, vegan, pescatarian, gluten-free, lactose-free, keto, paleo, low FODMAP, and kid-friendly
- Recognition and features in renowned publications such as TechCrunch, Business Insider, The New York Times, Forbes, and USA Today

## Getting Started

### Installation

To run the Omnifood website locally, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:
git clone https://github.com/HaithamAboMasnoura/Omni-Food
2. Open the project folder.
3. Open the `index.html` file in a web browser.

### Usage

The Omnifood website provides an intuitive and user-friendly interface. Users can explore the different sections using the navigation links in the header. They can browse available meal options, read testimonials from satisfied customers, and learn about the service's functionality. The website also provides information on how to sign up for a free trial and details regarding pricing.

## Contributing

Contributions to the Omnifood website are highly appreciated. If you encounter any issues or have suggestions for improvements, please open an issue on the GitHub repository. Pull requests are also welcome.

## License

The Omnifood website is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE.md). You are free to use, modify, and distribute the code in compliance with the terms of this license.
